[Music] The
bright April sky, plump birds soaring
across the sky, flowers and leaves in vibrant colors,
heavenly music. Good news on the day of the Buddha's
passing. The
Buddha weeps in the air, everywhere
joyful, celebrating the Buddha's birthday. Buddhists gather to create flower floats, singing and dancing to celebrate the Buddha's passing.
Buddhists from all over the South gather to create
flower floats, Buddhists from all over the South gather to create flower floats, singing and chanting to celebrate the
Buddha's birthday. [
Music] [Music]
la la la
[
Music] [Music] Namo Lam Ty Ni, the Buddha
Shakyamuni. Namo Lam Ty Ni, the Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Lam Ty Ni, the Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Lam Ty Ni, the Buddha
Shakyamuni. Namo Lam Ty Ni, the Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Lam Ty Ni, the
Buddha Shakyamuni.
Namo Lam Ty Ni, the Buddha Shakyamuni.
The Buddha Shakyamuni,
Namo Lumbini, knows the Buddha
Shakyamuni, the Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Lumbini, the Buddha Shakyamuni ...
No, my dear
friends, let's just consider it like the beginning of
our lives. We didn't understand the
leading figures, like burning dragons, elephants, horses, and what else on the 15th day of the seventh lunar month.
People said to burn everything, and
we were so deluded that even a
simple thing, like money in
this world, can be exchanged for something else in the underworld.
Two different realms of existence exist, yet we
and animals see each other very clearly. We
eat one kind of beef and another kind of animal, but
we believe that spirits must
follow us without any
basis for explanation. We just blindly believe.
Why blindly? Because greed
blinds our wisdom. We see people
saying "that's okay," and we don't. Right, my
dear friends? We see people saying "that's okay," and no
one else sees it. They say "your family is suffering," and it
's because of the old woman who's taking us. Now the old woman is asking for gold and silver offerings, and
necklaces. Oh my god! People say
you should buy a pair so the old woman will bless you,
right? We just follow
without any thought.
No more verification, and
so we just keep suffering until
the end. Then we
conclude with one sentence: "It's fate, we have to accept it,
right?" Before, we were also
people with great power, capable of doing things,
but then we were completely broken, with nothing left. That's
fate. So, we
don't know
where that power went, do we, dear friends? Therefore,
at that point, we ourselves lose
faith and give up, sometimes even seeking to
end our lives. But when
we come to the Buddha, we know it's all our own fault,
and the Buddha teaches us to
correct our actions in the present moment, from unwholesome to wholesome,
and everything changes. Oh, truly, it's the
Light! Truly, it's the path!
Truly, there's a way out!
Before, it was so difficult, was
n't it? You had power, yet you
still suffered, right? Finally, you
reached a dead end, and
when you heard the Buddha, it was truly the
light, truly the path, truly
endless, wasn't it, dear
friends? And happiness is found in the present moment.
Changing behavior brings happiness
in the present moment, with immediate cause and effect,
right? Heavy tasks are
moved to later, lighter tasks are moved to earlier,
right, dear fellow practitioners?
Those who are diligent experience this immediately, in just
6 months to 10 years, and have experienced it
all. They don't need to go anywhere, right? Practice
right now, your mind and intellect are
not dependent on any man or woman. You
don't know what her thoughts are today, you come to
offer sacrifices, you don't know whether this fruit goes up or
down, you think, "Oh,
because yesterday I put
this fruit down, this fruit went up, right?
Because I bought this flower, I
bought it odd or even, right? Even and odd fruits are mixed up,
I think of all sorts of things, and I keep thinking about that 'this
taste, that taste has power' over there. The taste is
n't satisfied, how can you
know the taste's heart, let
alone know if the taste is happy or not happy,
right, dear female practitioners? So, are
we encountering the Buddha's Dharma, the
light, the light that eradicates all
our ignorance, delusion, and greed?
Because if you are still unwholesome,
you know you are  How can one still suffer? How can one
still curse others? Knowing one
will still face karmic retribution and suffering. How can one say, "
Today I cursed you, and tonight I will
receive blessings"? Isn't that right, dear friend? If
I want blessings, I must treat
everyone well. Isn't that what
brings happiness to
myself in the present moment? Then, when I am dignified, I can bring
happiness to others, free from suffering. Isn't the Buddha's teaching to
bring immediate happiness in the
present moment and liberation in the future?
Therefore, the Buddha's teachings
are extremely noble, wondrous, and
profound. It's impossible
to describe it all in words. Each person has their own
experience when contemplating him. Each
person experiences it and finds happiness on their own. We
must experience it ourselves and find
happiness on our own. In this way,
our diligence will increase.
We will diligently learn, diligently abandon evil,
diligently do good, and diligently strive to
follow him. So
today, we are very
happy to be here, and in the scriptures, we will see the
Buddha's teachings.  Teaching
is that as a Buddhist disciple, one must go
to the Four Holy Sites. We also hope that
the Buddhists in our club,
those who do not yet have the means, will
develop the opportunity to have the necessary conditions—the
two conditions here being sufficient wealth and good
health—to come here to resolve
their doubts, because this is the real place. As for the other places, you
see, at the beginning,
we read the scriptures in the garden of the Bodhisattva, and
we know that much, but even though we
see them there, it doesn't truly
mark the same experience as setting foot
here, right? This is a
sacred place.
Dear fellow practitioners, we
see that the holy sites of the
Buddha, over the years, are all subject to
impermanence. Impermanence comes from the hearts of
sentient beings—greed, hatred,爭奪 (struggle/competition),
right? Envy, the wars
between religions—that is
envy because people cling to the ego, cling to "
I," cling to "mine," so it is difficult for anyone to
see the rare truth.
Only the Buddhas do not fight,
do not struggle.  To conquer, but only to enlighten. That is the
spirit of our Buddhism.
We only enlighten, we do
not destroy. We do not achieve
victory through destruction; that is,
we do not cling to the ego. My religion is
just a truth.
Therefore, with Buddhism, we only seek enlightenment
for sentient beings, not to destroy what belongs to
sentient beings to take our own.
If we destroy
other religions to glorify our own, it is no
longer Buddhism, no longer enlightenment,
no longer compassion. So, with
Buddhism, we only seek enlightenment for sentient
beings, adapting to their circumstances and conditions to achieve enlightenment. We do not
fight, struggle, or
destroy; that would not be the
nature of enlightenment, and thus, we are
not enlightened beings, but rather
creators of karma. Do you understand?
And here we see a rare phenomenon: the
sacred relics, over time, are subject to impermanence
due to weather changes and
earthquakes.  The sacred relics were
destroyed and altered; they were destroyed
because of religious struggles.
The relics of the Buddha were
destroyed by other religions.
Because they wanted to control their religion, that's the
truth, they wanted
everyone to follow their religion, so
they destroyed other religions.
But there's something special:
these stone pillars weren't destroyed.
For example, on each
pillar, there's a lion's head,
and only the lion's head fell off.
At Bodh Gaya, the
pillar with the
lion's head is still intact. That
proves something miraculous.
If these pillars were gone, it would be
difficult to prove anything.
These are
sacred relics, and every country
has its own history.
These pillars were built by King
Yu, the head of the nation,
so history cannot be
denied. If these pillars were just...  If a
religious leader erected it,
history would deny it, but the stone pillar was
built by the king, so that can
never be denied. Just like
Vietnam, we can never deny
the fact that King Tran
Nhan Tong was the king of Vietnam,
and we can never deny that he renounced worldly life to practice
Buddhism and
achieved enlightenment at Yen Tu. That cannot be
denied, and it is a historical relic.
That is also the miraculous power of
Buddhism. As
we study Buddhism, we
know that King Tran Nhan Tong was a Bodhisattva who manifested himself to
protect Buddhism in Vietnam. Therefore, the
Vietnamese people
are Buddhist-oriented, which is
why we have such a king.
Another proof is that
Uncle Ho, when he achieved
independence, also manifested himself
within the Buddhist religion. So, it must be
said that those born in
Vietnam have a connection with
Buddhism, right? Otherwise, everything else...  Even
when the Buddha appeared, the Demon King
appeared, and we cannot avoid having
opposing and even
conflicting views; that is
natural. However, the miracle of
Buddhism is that as long as sentient beings have the
capacity to practice and preserve Buddhism, the
traces of Buddhism will never
be completely destroyed or erased. Instead,
they will leave
behind historical traces to serve as opportunities for
future practitioners. Therefore, when we study Buddhism, we know that as long as there are monks practicing asceticism, the
Dharma will endure in the world for a long time.
That is what the Buddha taught. When
we, the four assemblies of Buddhists, diligently practice Buddhism,
meditation, and
contemplation, the Dharma will endure in the
world. That is why we
must diligently observe the precepts, listen to the Dharma,
meditate, and then enter into contemplation.
We will ensure that the Dharma endures in the world for a long time,
and that is the power that prevents the
historical traces from being
completely destroyed, ensuring
continuity to preserve the faith for
future generations.  Dear fellow practitioners, is
n't this wonderful? It's very interesting! Now that
we've visited this sacred site, the
birthplace of the Buddha,
we must have faith. Visiting this sacred site means
we've achieved faith
that the Buddha was a real person, not a fictional character,
recognized by history. His achievements were
recognized by the kings, not just
by religious followers or the
uneducated. The fact that the Buddha's relics are
recognized by the kings is also very
interesting. If the
Buddha's relics were only in one country,
people would say it's because
that country has this or that viewpoint.
But the relics are in two countries. The
Buddha was a being with complete merit and wisdom to save sentient beings.
The story is
that when he was born,
Queen Maya was in the city of Sravasti, the
country of Kapilavastu. When Prince Siddhartha was about to be
born, Queen Maya
went from Kapilavastu to her
maternal home to give birth.  The path leads
to the Lumbini Garden, where the Buddha was born.
So, during many
wars to divide and
seize land, it always ended up as
two separate countries, never
unified into one. For example, in
many wars, people
gathered many small countries into one, like
Nepal being
merged with India. That's possible. But
that didn't
happen; the boundaries of the
two countries remained. That must be due to the
Buddha's ability to foresee the
future. When he was a Bodhisattva in the
heavens,
observing humanity, he was born
into this world. He must have
known what the future held. Therefore,
his teachings in history are
preserved forever, and future generations have ample
evidence to have faith
in the Buddha's teachings. Isn't that
wonderful? That's why the
more we study Buddhism, the more we understand.  The more we see the
truth, the more we don't stray from the miraculous, the more we are moved by
the things that make us
marvel and admire, because it is precisely the
miraculous and rare nature of the Buddha that we
see, and it is very wonderful. Therefore, the
more we cultivate our minds within the Buddha's teachings,
the more joyful we become. We
also hope that the Buddhas will bless
us so that each of us, in
our current capacity for practice, can
receive the miraculous things from
our consciousness, so that we can have
certain feelings to share in the
gratitude for the Buddha's birth. For the benefit of
sentient beings, the Buddha was born in this Saha world.
King Ashoka was born in this Saha world only 200 years after the Buddha.
King Ashoka had
already heard the teachings and then went to all the
sacred sites where the Buddha was born, attained
enlightenment, turned the Wheel of Dharma, and the
monasteries where the Buddha entered Nirvana.
King Ashoka marked all of them, as we
know. Why did King Ashoka know
those places? We see that our Buddha
was a prince, of course.  It
must have been the Buddha, but he
was a prince, so the king would build
there as the first historical landmark, which is correct.
Furthermore, since the Buddha became a Buddha,
the people would build and
worship there. We see,
so King Ashoka didn't just
see it naturally; there were historical landmarks before. Therefore,
King Ashoka built these
stone pillars as landmarks for
future generations. Do you understand this? That's about the
merits of King Ashoka, the karmic connections, and the blessings for
future generations regarding
these stone pillars. If
these pillars didn't exist, after
Buddhism was attacked by other religions,
the historical evidence would be gone.
But because King Ashoka inscribed ancient
characters from his time, and
King Ashoka was a king, his presence in
history continues the lineage
from our Buddha. King
Ashoka was a
great king of India, very famous and
powerful because he conquered and
unified the
country.  This vassal state became part of
India, so it possessed
immense power. That's why King Ashoka
also entered history. Therefore, when
history speaks of King Ashoka, it speaks of the
stone pillars, and when it speaks of the stone pillars, it
speaks of the Buddha. Do you see who
that is? So, our Buddha
was a prince who
achieved enlightenment in history, and his achievements are
recorded in history through the transmission of his accomplishments,
not just folklore. You
see, other figures are in
folklore, but these are in
history, closely linked to humankind, not
just one religion with many religious leaders.
However,
our Buddha is different.
Our Buddha's history is closely linked
to the development of the country
and the nation.
For example, King
Bimbisara was from a different country,
but he was closely linked to the development and
renewal of that country.  That country, King Ashoka,
was an unfilial ruler, yet
his life and history are inextricably linked to it.
Because in a country, King Ashoka
naturally has a history; we only
learn a part of it,
his connection to Buddhism. However,
his life and history must be recorded
in the history of that country, and
naturally,
this mark must be preserved. That's why
Buddhism is intertwined with the
history of countries in ancient India. Do
you see that?
That is truly the merit and
compassion of
the Buddha. The Buddha, residing in the heavens,
observed all causes and conditions,
so wherever he was born and whatever he did was
within those conditions, to preserve the
Dharma for us. That is compassion.
In the song, we see that it is because of
compassion, because of kindness, because of compassion for the benefit of the
multitude and all beings, that the Buddha was
born. Do you see that the birth
of the Buddha brings
about...  If
our Buddha, Prince Siddhartha, had not
been born in this Saha world,
we would still be ignorant,
knowing nothing, still suffering, without a
path to liberation from suffering. Do you see, dear Dharma friends?
Therefore, the birth of the
Buddha is a miraculous birth.
In the song, we praise a
unique individual, do you see? He
brought benefit to the masses,
benefited all beings; he is a
unique individual. In this era, there are
many Buddhas, but each era
is unique. Do you
understand? For example, we say that in a
country there is a king, but we cannot say that king
is unique, right?
Because kings succeed each other, but the
Buddha is unique in that era;
no one can surpass the Buddha.
No one can surpass him. He was the
first to open the immortal Dharma.
In a country, there may be periods of prosperity and
decline, but there will always be one.
Others come to rise up and revolt,
but it's a continuous cycle of
decline and rebellion. A
country, even with many members, only lasts a few hundred years,
right, esteemed fellow practitioners?
Otherwise, it will constantly self-eliminate, constantly
changing policies and
viewpoints. But our Buddha
's teachings never
change, transcending space and time. For
example, in Vietnam, one must practice the Four Noble Truths to achieve
liberation. In China, in America, and
throughout the entire globe, it must be the same. No one can change
the meaning,
and even the gods must do so.
All beings must adhere to the Four Noble Truths,
and the only way to
practice them is the Eightfold Path. Enlightenment through the Four
Noble Truths and the practice of the Eightfold Path is the
only way, and it never
changes. Do you agree, esteemed fellow practitioners? It's not that
each dynasty has a different
leadership style or a different approach. But in
Buddhism, there
is only one path to liberation, esteemed fellow practitioners. The only
enlightenment is the enlightenment through the Four Noble Truths,
and the only way to achieve liberation is through practice.  The Noble Eightfold
Path includes, for example, the Four Foundations of Mindfulness, the Four Right Efforts, the Four Bases of Psychic Power, the Five Faculties, the Five Powers, and the Seven Factors of Enlightenment.
These are the things
we need to practice within the Noble Eightfold Path,
dear fellow practitioners. It is the
only path with these eight factors, and all of
us who practice and follow it are following
only that path, dear fellow practitioners.
That's how it is.  It is said that the Buddha is a
unique being, an extraordinary person,
because of his compassion and for the benefit of the
multitude and all beings. We see this
as complete faith in the Buddha
in the song, and for anyone with such faith,
that person will certainly not fall
into the three evil paths and will achieve enlightenment. That
is the Buddha's saying, so this song
is one that everyone needs to
contemplate because it is a Dharma teaching. Those who
understand this will know that a unique,
extraordinary person
appeared in this world because of his compassion, for the
benefit of the multitude and all beings.
Unlike
us, who enter this life first to repay
karma, and second to create karma, repaying
past karma which creates our physical form, our
parents, our
relationships, and from our
parents and relationships we
continue to create
karma because we are greedy and therefore
create karma. But the Buddha was not
greedy and came to this world
not because of greed and desire, but for the benefit of the multitude.
Many things are for the benefit of humanity and all living beings. Do you
agree, dear Dharma friends? We
ourselves appear in this world
with many possessions and many
enmities: possessions of husbands, possessions of wives, possessions of
property, and these enmities will lead to
revenge from generation to generation. We go from this life to the
next, driven by love, hatred, greed, and anger. Do you
agree, dear Dharma friends? But the Buddha
is the only one who appeared in
this world with only one purpose: to
benefit the many, to benefit all living beings, to relieve the suffering of
all beings.
We must awaken to this
through various ways of thinking. When we
practice Buddhism, our offerings
are for our own benefit. Those who make offerings to the
Buddha do so for their own benefit,
not because the Buddha needs it.
We are different; we have greed, so we
call it need. He is without greed, so he is not
needing. Do you understand clearly?
We can easily observe our own minds about what is needed and what is not needed.
When someone gives us something,
we rejoice.
So, it's called needing, and because we need something,
we become attached, and because we are
attached, we
do that thing for that person, even if it's just a
compliment. Do you understand, Venerable Ones?
But the Buddha, praised by countless beings, and the saints,
praised by countless beings, yet He was
not attached. He was not attached to
us, but we are. We
easily detect attachment: when
someone praises us, we cherish them; when
someone dislikes us, we hate them. That's called
attachment. But when someone praises without cherishing or
disliking, with equality, that's called non-
attachment. And that requires practice to achieve,
right, Venerable Ones? And His teachings
show us that.
Therefore, He is a unique being, an
extraordinary person with a pure heart. Han Guan
explained about being a unique being
and why He is called an
extraordinary person because He praises without wavering, His heart is
always equal, His heart is always compassionate, His heart is always
loving. His mind never
changes between high and low, between praise and criticism, between gain
and loss, between offering and
harm. His mind never changes.  Do you
understand the extraordinary nature of things, Venerable Ones? That is
extraordinary, not
worldly extraordinary. It's not conquering this army,
conquering that army, conquering but
not conquering one
's own greedy heart.
That is what is extraordinary in this world, Venerable Ones, do
you see correctly? That is extraordinary,
doing things that no one else can
do. That is why
we will share with each other the Dharma teachings
about the existence of the Buddha, the karmic reward of
his
birth. We will discuss the Dharma so that we can
understand better. If anyone achieves enlightenment
with the Buddha, they
will receive immeasurable benefits. We will
listen to the Dharma teachings throughout
this trip. Only after listening to them all
can we see how great the benefits are
and contemplate the Buddha's teachings. I sincerely hope
that after listening to all the
Dharma teachings on this trip, our Buddhist followers
can achieve faith in the
Buddha. And that will bring immense benefits
to us. Because we have
witnessed this place, it is completely different from
those who have not been here.  The
disciples haven't arrived yet, esteemed ones. Do you understand?
We come here to
resolve all the doubts in our hearts ourselves:
whether or not the Buddha exists in this world.
You see, when we read the books
and when we come here, the mental states are two
different. The other is belief, just
believing because of respect for the teacher, because of reverence and hope,
believing that there is a Buddha in this world. But here, it
's our own belief, not needing to listen to
anyone else. That's why the Buddha
said that as a disciple of the Buddha, we should visit the
four holy sites. We have already read the sutra, so we should
come to the Buddha. He doesn't advise
us on anything other than our own benefit.
Only by coming here can we resolve our doubts.
It's like hearing someone tell
a very good movie; we
find it very good, but when we go to see it,
we will be different. When we hear it,
we just read about the Buddha, about the time when the Buddha
was in this place, the time when the Buddha was in that place,
or about the time when the Buddha was in
this place, the time when the Buddha was in that place.
We believe it, but
it's not truly in our hearts.  Is it
complete? Not yet perfect,
but only upon arriving can we confirm that
this is the right place. This is due to
the merit we have accumulated to be here, due to
the karmic blessings and circumstances that have allowed
us to achieve
this faith. Therefore, everything
must have complete karmic connections, dear fellow practitioners.
So, in matters of spending
money, this spending is
not wasteful. Do you
understand? It's not wasteful because it's
beneficial. It's a fulfillment of our faith,
increasing our belief. In
the next life, we will benefit, so
is spending money not wasteful? Yes,
dear fellow practitioners, it's not
wasteful. King Ashoka built
these stone pillars to mark the
traces of the Buddha, so they have been passed down from
one king to another. Therefore, as
a nation, we must respect and
accept the history left by previous generations.
Therefore, the Buddha will
be recognized according to the existence of these
relics, only disappearing when the relics
no longer serve as proof.  That's all, dear
Dharma friends. Since
no one can prove that the Buddha
truly existed, we pay homage here, at
this very place, where the Buddha
was born. Out of compassion for all beings, he descended to this earthly realm. We
also praise the predecessors, the
devout Buddhists who preserved the true
Dharma, such as King Ashoka. The
practice of affirming the Buddha's existence
today would not have been possible without King
Ashoka's merit. Therefore, we must truly
praise you, dear Dharma friends. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, the Buddha
Shakyamuni, born under the Ashoka Tree.
We respectfully
address all
Buddhas: Today, we have come to
this place, the place where the Buddha Shakyamuni was born
in this Saha world,
this human realm, following his great vow of compassion
to attain enlightenment, to transmit the Dharma and save
us, to show us clearly
that all beings are born according to karma.
If we practice his teachings and
attain enlightenment, we will not be
born into the cycle of suffering and rebirth,
but will be liberated.  Born into His teachings,
accomplished in His teachings,
freed from suffering,
today we turn our hearts towards His
wondrous birth, His miraculous birth, His compassionate
birth, His birth that relieves suffering. We sincerely and respectfully
bow in gratitude,
vowing to diligently practice His teachings.
We were born
into His teachings, beginning with the five precepts, which
we
vow to uphold. We
also pray for the eight
merits of King Ashoka regarding offerings, the
assembly of the Three Jewels, and the preservation of the
history of the Buddha to affirm and strengthen
our faith. The Buddha truly existed in this
world, was born in this world, renounced the world,
attained enlightenment in this world, and preached the Dharma to
save the world. We respectfully bow in gratitude to the
Buddha, praising and rejoicing in the merits of King Ashoka, and
rejoicing in all the
celestial beings, gods, and Dharma protectors who have
preserved the history of the Buddha's life.
Namo Lumbini Garden, Under the Ashoka Tree, the
Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.  Reverend Buddha, we respectfully
invite the celestial being whose previous
incarnation was Queen Maya. We
understand that after Queen Maya
gave birth to Prince Siddhartha, after seven days, she was
reborn in the Tushita Heaven. This was due to
the merit and blessings she accumulated, which contributed to the
appearance of a Perfectly Enlightened Buddha in this world.
This auspicious karmic connection caused Queen Maya
to possess merit far exceeding all worldly blessings, which
even the wealthiest could not satisfy.
Therefore, Queen
Maya was reborn in the Tushita Heaven,
corresponding to the merit she created, and
from there, she attained enlightenment and
sainthood. Today, we have come to this place where
Queen Maya performed her supreme merit of giving birth to
Prince Siddhartha, the Buddha's birth. We
humbly request the Buddhas to witness and support the celestial being, the previous incarnation of Queen Maya, and from now on,
we also respectfully ask for their support
so that we may practice our merits.  The Bodhisattva
path in the immortal Dharma of the Tathagata has
formed a Dharma karmic connection with
us. We, who were once ordinary people and demons, have now
become saints. We humbly request to be
connected in the Dharma to support
us in practicing the Buddha's teachings so that we may
reach Nirvana, happiness, and peace, and
practice the Bodhisattva path so that
we too may become fully enlightened beings in the future.
Namo, witnessing Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
Namo, ever-protecting Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
A single being,
a unique and extraordinary person,
appeared
in
this world for the benefit of all, for the happiness
of all,
out of
compassion, for
goodness, for the benefit of gods and
humans.
Who is that person? Who is that
person? That is none other than the
Buddha Shakyamuni,
high in the forest of
nothingness. The
Buddha Shakyamuni, born in the forest of nothingness. The
Buddha Shakyamuni, born in the forest of nothingness. The Buddha Shakyamuni,
born for the
happiness of all beings. Namo, the original teacher,
Shakyamuni Buddha.
We are disciples of the
Buddha. We have learned, heard, and
examined the teachings of the entire Dharma realm.
Therefore, the event of the Buddha's birth is
a rare event with complete karmic connections.
This lake is where Queen Maya
bathed before performing the great merit of giving birth to Prince Siddhartha.
This lake is also the karmic connection
and
merit of the
Bodhisattva, the previous incarnation of the Buddha Shakyamuni, and the karmic connection
of Queen
Maya. We, as disciples of the
Buddha,
yearn to
practice
meritorious deeds to
seek perfect enlightenment.
We respectfully bow to the
karmic connections
that the Buddha Shakyamuni, Queen Maya, the
gods, and all sentient beings have created.
We sincerely and wholeheartedly bow to the meritorious karmic connections that gave rise to this
lake
for the Queen to bathe in before giving
birth to Prince Siddhartha. We sincerely and wholeheartedly
bow to the gods, the
previous incarnations of Maya, who are now holy monks.
Today, we have come
to Lumbini Garden to pay homage to the
sacred site where the Buddha was born in
this Saha world. We offer music
as a tribute and praise, so that
we may attain enlightenment.  May the
Buddha's blessings always be born in
our hearts, as our master
taught us, that we must make our minds
enlightened, so that our own Buddha
is born in our own hearts, as the
first step, as the cause,
to achieve Perfect Enlightenment, to have the
cause to be born as the final
body to achieve Perfect Enlightenment, following in the footsteps of our Father Buddha,
Shakyamuni. [Music]
[Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music]
[
Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music
]
[Music]
He's here, it's big
now
[Music]
[
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]